fix: Use trim_scale() to format cast(decimal, string) consistently when scale is None (#1516)
GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator: samples/postgres/README.md

    -1::decimal,
    0.0::decimal,
    -0.0::decimal,
    0.0001::decimal,
    0.100100::decimal,
    0.1230000::decimal,
    0.01234567890::decimal,
    -0.01234567890::decimal,
    12345678901234567890::decimal
  ]) AS c
) r;

          c           |    pg_trim_scale     |    trim_scale_udf
----------------------+----------------------+----------------------
                      |                      |
                    0 |                    0 |                    0
                    1 |                    1 |                    1
                   -1 |                   -1 |                   -1
                  0.0 |                    0 |                    0
                  0.0 |                    0 |                    0
               0.0001 |               0.0001 |               0.0001
             0.100100 |               0.1001 |               0.1001
            0.1230000 |                0.123 |                0.123
        0.01234567890 |         0.0123456789 |         0.0123456789
       -0.01234567890 |        -0.0123456789 |        -0.0123456789
 12345678901234567890 | 12345678901234567890 | 12345678901234567890
```

## Performance test

> This basic performance test generates a rowset with 5 million rows each containing 10 decimal columns and records five elapsed times. It then repeats this applying the build in `trim_scale()` function and the proposed DVT `time_scale()` UDF. This gives us the overhead for each technique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This basic performance test generates a table with 5 million rows each containing 10 decimal columns. This step is executed five times so an average elapsed time can be obtained at the end.

A new table is created with the same approach but applying the built in `trim_scale()` function and afterwards an other table is also created in the same way but using the proposed DVT `time_scale()` UDF. This gives us the overhead for each technique.
```
